Support despicable
Those who achieve great things are informal
The queen now has only two options
Or cooperate with me obediently
I'll give you 300 million red antidote
or
You will serve the crime of mandarin ducks and become my slave
Hey hey hey I said
I will not trade my daughter with you
I will not betray my country
If there is anything wrong with Qinghe
I will definitely break your neck with my own hands
Hahahahaha
It seems that the queen is still obsessed when she is about to be happy
Jin Jiu will not go
You are the one who is about to die
You can call Luo Zhong now
Or call Luo Yongjiang
See if Luo Zhong has escaped from the morning prison
See if Luo Yongjiang has returned to Luo's house
What do you mean?
Yesterday at the casino
I knew Luo Yong would be your man
I didn't expose him to his face.
Just so that you can
An ambush in an abandoned warehouse in the western suburbs
Lure out the old fox
Hahaha
Miss Lin has already told me this
You want to count
But it's a pity
You saw through Luo Yongjiang's disguise
But she was fooled by Miss Lin
What if I told you
I also saw through the neighboring disguise
No, absolutely not.
If you had already seen through Miss Lin's disguise
How could you drink the water he gave you?
Soft tendons flash
She was also successfully attacked by Miss Lin
Be our prisoner
He's seriously injured.
Total loss of internal force
Still playing tricks here
put on airs
Just to buy time
Seek an Argument
internal force wetting
Do you think I really drank that bottle of water?